# README

To correctly identify GitHub co-author add the following git commit message trailer via `` git commit --amend ``:

1) `` Co-authored-by: Anything <email> `` (where `email` is somebody's GitHub email - primary or any other).
2) `` Co-authored-by: Anything <username@users.noreply.github.com> `` (where `username` is a correct GitHub user name).
3) `` Co-authored-by: Anything <ID+username@users.noreply.github.com> `` (where `username` is a correct GitHub user name and `ID` is a correct GitHub ID).
4) Multiple correct co-authored-by trailers will create more authors - if some trailers point to the same user GitHub will figure this out.


It will not work for:
1) `` Co-authored-by: Anything <email> `` (where `email` is not somebody's GitHub email). Contribution will show as `Anything` on GitHub without link to a GitHub profile.


It will not work as expected:
1) `` Co-authored-by: Anything <ID+username@users.noreply.github.com> `` (if `ID` is correct it will be used to identify GitHub user even if `username` does not belong to ID's GitHub profile - `ID` will have precedence and `username` will be ignored).


# Results

Various results generated by API listed [here](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/pulls/pulls?apiVersion=2022-11-28) are in `jsons` directory.

You will not be able to see `GitHub ID`/`Github username` in any API response, you can only see commit message which has name and email but not processed by GitHub in any way.

Actual GitHub profile/username is only available from the UI so you can hover-over the github profile icon to see co-authors profiles/details.

